---
num: "h00"
desc: "Bios and Photos (TODO: Refactor this assignment)"
ready: false
layout: default
assigned: 2018-09-28 14:00
due: 2018-10-05 12:00
---

# Upload a photo and a bio (100 pts) 
  
In this assignment we ask you to submit a recent photo and bio to share with our students. The idea is to help them get to know you better. 

# Content

Your bio and welcome message should be in the neighborhood of 300 to 400 words.  Introduce yourself (name, major and year). Write your preferred name if its different from your first name. Include your pronouns (i.e. he/him/his, she/her/hers, they/them/theirs).  Write about why you are excited about being a TA or tutor and what type of help you hope to offer students as part of the course. Mention other topics that you can offer advice on that contributes to student success in CS e.g. : research, student orgs, internships, projects, improving coding skills etc etc. Mention hobbies and interests outside academics! 

Samples of bios in previous courses are below:
* [CS16 W18](https://ucsb-cs16-w18.github.io/info/staff/)
* [CS8 W18](https://ucsb-cs8-w18-wang.github.io/info/staff/)


# Image 

Get a photo that shows your face clearly; the whole point is so that students can recognize you from your photo.

Convert your photo to a `.png` file with a maximum width of 320 pixels, and a maximum height of 400 pixels.  You can use the `convert` command on CSIL to do this (the "from" image can be `.png`, `.jpg`, or pretty much any standard image format.)

```
convert -resize 320x400 conrad-big.jpg conrad.png
```


# Submitting your bio

To submit your bio, take the following steps.  If these involve steps with which you are not familiar, then, in the meantime, email a photo and a bio to Phill `<phtcon@ucsb.edu>`.   We'll then get someone in the class that knows how to do this to walk you through the steps.

* Create a github.com account if you do not already have one
* Fork the repo <{{site.repo}}>
* In the fork, in the appropriate directory (i.e. `_bios8`, `_bios16`, `_bios32`, or `_bios56`), copy the sample bio file (e.g. `conrad.md`, `mirza.md`, `wang.md`) to your first name with the extension `.md` (e.g. `chris.md`).  
   * If there are multiple mentors/TAs with the same first name, use an initial, e.g. (`chris_l.md`, `chris_m.md`)
* Edit the file to include your bio instead of that of the instructor, following the format indicated (the part between the first `---` and second `---` is in YAML format.   The file *must* start with the line `---`.   F
* For role, onstead of Instructor, put "Mentor", "TA", or "Reader".
* Upload the photo, and adjust the name of the photo filename in the 
* Do a pull request from your fork to the main <{{site.repo}}>
  

