---
num: "h02"
desc: "Summarize research paper"
ready: true 
assigned: 2018-10-26 14:00
due: 2018-11-07 14:00
---

Based on the paper that you chose during H01, please write a short essay
that weaves in the answers to the following questions:

<ol>

<li style="padding-bottom:4em;">(20 pts) What is the research question that the paper is investigating?  
 </li>

<li style="padding-bottom:4em;">(20 pts) What are the key findings of the paper?
</li>

<li style="padding-bottom:4em;">(20 pts) How did the researchers measure these outcomes? (If they didn't 
adequately maeasure, and only described in general terms their anecodtal experiences, note this.)
</li>

<li style="padding-bottom:5em;">(20 pts) How do you think we can apply this research to our courses (8,16,24,32,56),
  or more generally in our undergradaute program at UCSB?
</li>


<li> (20 pts)
Find at least one new paper that is related to the paper you read (and is not in our current list). Preferably the paper you found cites the paper you read. Cite the paper you are summarizing in your essay following the standard ACM citation format as shown below:

```
Kristy Elizabeth Boyer, Robert Phillips, Michael D. Wallis, Mladen A. Vouk, and James C. Lester. 2009. The impact of instructor initiative on student learning: a tutoring study. In Proceedings of the 40th ACM technical symposium on Computer science education (SIGCSE '09). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 14-18. DOI=http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/1508865.1508873
```

</li>
</ol>

# Guidance on length and organization

We have not specified "how many pages" or "how many words", because we
don't want you to aim for that.  Write just enough to answer the
questions below, and no more.  If that's one page, fine.  If it's three
pages fine.  Make it as short as possible, and no shorter.  Less than
one page is proabably too short, more than three pages is starting to
get a little long.

Organize your essay in whatever way you like (except not by simply
repeating the questions and answering each one in a paragraph; make it
a coherent essay.)

For all of the following: summarize in your own words as much as
possible.

Don't just copy/paste from the paper or the abstract.  Where you use
exact wording, be sure to use "quotation marks", but do this
sparingly, only where using the exact wording of the original source
is really necessary to convey the idea.

# Optional: preparing slides

You may also want to prepare two or at most three slides about the
main ideas in the paper, since you'll be asked to do a round of
lightning talks about these papers at a later point in the quarter.

That's a separate assignment, but it often is helpful to do both the
slides and the writeup at the same time.  Writing slides first can
help you organize your thoughts in small "bullet points", which might
helps you write more concise sentences.

